Book 2 pag 18
a) I need some voluntaries.
b) We don't know anything here.
c) I hope to anyone can give me this information.
d) Everything is fine when we got in there.
e) Do you know anyone from Indonesia?
f) Nothing was cleared at the moment.
g) Sometimes a mistake can even help.
h) I don't wanna anything of you.
i) It speaks English anywhere in Europe.
j) Maybe some more water fix the problem.
k) She isn't feeling any well.
l) Is there any special place for find this kind of plant?
m) Someone told me that everybody here doesn't know anything about the accident yet. 
n) No one here knows the truth. So this is something I sure.

Book 2 Pag 31 and 32
1.
a) Tomorrow everything will be different.
b) This book is pretty/so/too expensive.
c) We rarely see her over here.
d) Last week I met/came across her at the mall.
e) The new soon spread over the country.
f) There was only an old man in the house.
g) No one has talked to her lately.
h) She needs be too strong for hold this rope.
i) Mr. Jones bought a too expensive new car.
j) His house is so far from here. 
k) The secret is now completely exposed.
l) We see each other at the company frequently.
m) Tomorrow night we'll get a meeting with them.
n) My parents not always like when I leave alone.
o) The candidate was notably safe in his speach.
p) His conviction was absolutely wrong.
q) I got surprised to see the childen's room was very disorganized.
r) The car got terribly damaged by the accident.
s) The new version of the program will be completely available for the users.
t) The Border COllie is so smart than a little child.
u) This disc is to old for playing.
v) The subject of the next meeting is extremely important for eveone.
x) The company's answer took almost two months.
w) We hardly talk to our neighbors.
y) Yesterday, we happily found the lost dog.
z) The client went slowly to upstairs towards the his laywer's room.   

Book 2 Pag 37
1.
a) The text was read in Spanish.
b) The window was broken by the kid.
c) The car was taken by the police.
d) The students have been helped to extra classes.
e) The informations was changed. She said.
f) Elisa is always informed to weather conditions.
g) Who was being interrogated in that time?
h) People isn't obliged to do what they don't wanna do.
i) The violence scene was described by the victim.
j) The broken door would be changed in the same day.
k) If they had called me before, they also would have been invited / they would have been invited too.
l) Antique furniture bought here.
m) Poodle puppy sold here.
n) The street was reformed only in two weeks.
o) Greg has been criticized for his bad comments.
p) The news was given by the girl's uncle.

Book 2 Pag 62
1.
Há (plural)
Haviam
Houve (singular)
Haverá
Deve haver
Há (singular)
Pode haver
Havia (singular)
Houve (plural)
Tinha havido
Pode ter havido
Deve ter havido

2.
a) Haverá outra reunião em minha empresa próxima semana.
b) Havia alguém na porta esta manhã.
c) Tem que haver outra campanha este ano.
d) Ocorrem acidentes frequentes na rodovia.
e) Haviam apenas seis carros no estacionamento.
f) Pode haver mais pessoas interessadas neste assunto.
g) Há uma nova mensagem na sua caixa de email.

